Cloud v2 removal/ updates to sign up page (#5726)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/sign-up.md

  - /influxdb/v2/cloud/get-started/
---

InfluxDB Cloud is a fully managed and hosted version of InfluxDB, designed to collect, store, process, and visualize metrics and events.

> **Note:** New InfluxDB Cloud signups are for version 3.0 only. If you are looking to use InfluxDB 2.0, consider self-hosting InfluxDB OSS 2.0.

Reviewer: I'd steer away from using "2.0" and "3.0". With the name change announced today for IOx-based products, I'm not sure how to handle older products. New products should be called "InfluxDB 3," but we've historically used "v1" and "v2" to avoid confusion with the actual semantic versioning.

```suggestion
> [!Note]
> #### New InfluxDB Cloud signups use InfluxDB 3
>
> New InfluxDB Cloud signups are for [InfluxDB Cloud Serverless, powered by the InfluxDB 3 storage engine](/influxdata/cloud-serverless/).
>
> If you are looking to use InfluxDB v2 (TSM), consider self-hosting [InfluxDB OSS v2](/influxdata/v2/).
```

  - /influxdb/v2/cloud/get-started/
---

InfluxDB Cloud is a fully managed and hosted version of InfluxDB, designed to collect, store, process, and visualize metrics and events.

  > [!Note]
  > #### New InfluxDB Cloud signups use InfluxDB 3
  >
  > New InfluxDB Cloud signups are for [InfluxDB Cloud Serverless, powered by the InfluxDB 3 storage engine](/influxdata/cloud-serverless/).
  >
  > If you are looking to use InfluxDB v2 (TSM), consider self-hosting [InfluxDB OSS v2](/influxdata/v2/).
 

> {{< product-name >}} is API-compatible and functionally compatible with InfluxDB OSS 2.0.
> The primary differences between InfluxDB OSS 2.0 and InfluxDB Cloud are:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< product-name >}} is API-compatible and functionally compatible with InfluxDB OSS v2.
The primary differences between InfluxDB OSS v2 and InfluxDB Cloud are:

```

- [Sign in](#sign-in)
- [Get started working with data](#get-started-working-with-data)

### Other deployment options

> - **InfluxDB OSS 2.0 (single-node, self-hosted)**: Available for on-premises setups.
> - **InfluxDB Cloud (v3.0)**: Managed, multi-tenant or dedicated multi-node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **InfluxDB OSS v2 (single-node, self-hosted)**: Available for on-premises setups.
- **InfluxDB Cloud Serverless**: Managed, multi-tenant InfluxDB Cloud 3 instance.
- **InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated**: Managed, single-tenant InfluxDB Cloud 3 cluster.
```

- [Sign in](#sign-in)
- [Get started working with data](#get-started-working-with-data)

> ### Other Deployment Options

Author: made changes!

> You can self-host:
> - **V1**: OSS (single node) or Enterprise (multi-node, paid)
> - **V2**: OSS (single node)
> - **V3 Clustered**: Multi-node, paid
> 
> Or you can buy hosted versions of:
> - **V1 Enterprise**: Multi-node
> - **V2**: OSS (single node, through Amazon Timestream for InfluxDB)
> - **V3**: Dedicated (multi-node or serverless)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Not a bad idea, but I don't think we want this kind of detail in this page.

Author: simplified details
